Use load timestamp to improve performance of MERGE query (#45)
PicnicSupermarket/diepvries: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

> ### Added
> - Add filter to `MERGE` clauses to reduce the number of scanned records.
> 

Reviewer: Maybe make it `Changed` since DML queries now consists of two statements, which is a breaking change.

```suggestion
### Changed
- Add filter to `MERGE` clauses to reduce the number of scanned records. DML queries now consist of two statements, a `SET` and a `MERGE`, instead of just a `MERGE` query.

```

Author: Fair enough! Commited the suggestion
